z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\SoftwareEngineering.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\SoftwareEngineering.pdb
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\EntityFramework.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\WebGrease.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\EntityFramework.xml
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\obj\Debug\SoftwareEngineering.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\obj\Debug\SoftwareEngineering.dll
z:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\obj\Debug\SoftwareEngineering.pdb
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\SoftwareEngineering.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\SoftwareEngineering.pdb
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\obj\Debug\SoftwareEngineering.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\obj\Debug\SoftwareEngineering.dll
C:\Users\Travis\Desktop\SoftwareEngineering\SoftwareEngineering\obj\Debug\SoftwareEngineering.pdb
